docs: Add unpackaged winappsdk publishing (#17762)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-publishing-windows-unpackaged.md

---
uid: uno.publishing.windows.sideload.unpackaged.unsigned
---

# Publish an unpackaged app

> This guide will show how to create an unpackaged app using Windows App SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will show you how to create an unpackaged app using Windows App SDK.

```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Building your app requires using the msbuild command (`dotnet build` is not compatible as of WinAppSDK 1.5).
> [!NOTE]

> > Uno Platform also supports building apps for using the `net8.0-desktop` target framework, using Uno Platorm's own Skia Desktop implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Uno Platform also supports building apps for using the `net8.0-desktop` target framework, using Uno Platform's own Skia Desktop implementation.

```

## Build the app for publishing

> Packaging the app without a code signature allows for installing the app on a machine without having to install the signer's certificate. This portion of the guide is derived from the [official Windows App SDK documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/msix/package/unsigned-package).
> 
> To publish your app:
> 
> - Navigate to the folder of the app's `.csproj` (Building at the solution level is not supported)
> - Build your app using the following command:

Reviewer 2: some Grammarly recommendations:
```suggestion
Packaging the app without a code signature allows the app to be installed on a machine without installing the signer's certificate. This guide portion is derived from the [official Windows App SDK documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/msix/package/unsigned-package).

To publish your app:

- Navigate to the folder of the app's `.csproj` (Building at the solution level is not supported)
- Build your app using the following command:

```

> - Navigate to the folder of the app's `.csproj` (Building at the solution level is not supported)
> - Build your app using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the folder of the app's `.csproj` (Building at the solution level is not supported)
2. Build your app using the following command:

```
Maybe we could make this a numbered list? I know it has only two steps, but IMO is better for this case, I will let you decide
